So in addition to static member variables,
classes can also have static member functions.
A static member function can be called without ever initializing,
or creating, or instantiating an object of the class.
So down here, we actually have an example of this.
We're calling static member function volume,
which we haven't defined yet.
We have a normal member function volume,
but we haven't yet defined the static member function volume.
The way this static member function is supposed to work is we pass in a radius,
and then volume creates or calculates
the correct volume or approximately the correct volume given a radius.
In this example, we actually don't need to create any objects of type Sphere.
So we can go ahead and start to delete all of the data here
that's tied to individual objects of type Sphere.
Instead, we can just create a static member function volume which returns a float,
it takes a radius,
and then the interesting thing to do will be to
actually define what the implementation of
volume is and see if it actually works to calculate the volume
of the Sphere without ever actually initializing an object of type Sphere.